c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise.dll.config
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise.pdb
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\obj\Debug\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\obj\Debug\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise.dll
c:\users\sarah.learnpurple\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\obj\Debug\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise.pdb
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\IronRuby.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\IronRuby.Libraries.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\IronRuby.Libraries.Yaml.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\SassAndCoffee.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\SassAndCoffee.Core.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\SassAndCoffee.JavaScript.dll
C:\Users\Sarah.LEARNPURPLE\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\SarahWalker_DeveloperExercise\bin\SassAndCoffee.Ruby.dll
